# Pharaoh Protocol

Pharaoh is the bedrock for building decentralized communities. This governance platform, architected in Cairo, enables people to construct fully customizable DAOs with lean, adaptable, and secure foundations.

## Core Contracts

The core contracts describes how every DAO generated by the Pharaoh protocol is setup. It is lean by design and constitues the most critical aspect of our architecture.

In a nutshell, each DAO is composed of 3 interconnecting components:

1. The DAO contract: The DAO contract is where the core functionality of the DAO lies. It is the contract in charge of:

- Representing the identity and metadata of the DAO (ENS name, logo, description, other metadata)
- Holding and managing the treasury assets
- Executing arbitrary actions to:
  - transfer assets
  - call its own functions
  - call functions in external contracts
- Providing general technical utilities like callback handling and others

2. Permissions: Permissions are an integral part of any DAO and the center of our protocol architecture. The Permissions manager manages permissions for the DAO by specifying which addresses have permission to call distinct functions on contracts associated with your DAO. This Permissions manager lives inside the DAO contract.

3. Plugins: Any custom functionality can be added or removed through plugins, allowing you to fully customize your DAO. You'll find some base templates of plugins within the plugins folder of the Core Contracts. Some examples of plugins that DAOs could install are:

- Governance (e.g., token voting, one-address one-vote)
- Asset management (e.g., ERC-20 or NFT minting, token streaming, DeFi)
- Membership (governing budget allowances, access gating, curating a member list)
